In the interest of the perpetuity of a three-tucked area, that's all our
defancy. Thank you for those treasin' on partisan remarks.
Well, Mr. Charment, I just barely want to make this brief comment.
Senator Jackson, before you start, can I make an insertion in the record?
I would like to insert in the record if I may.
Next up, from Public Law, 513-81, Congress, chapter 185, second session,
provided section three, nothing in this act shall prohibit the furnishing upon lawful demand
of information to any regularly constituted committee of the Senate, or House of Representatives
of the United States of America, or joint committee thereof approved May 13, 19, 50, and
one other insertion, if I may, insert this because of the question that I've been asked
about our rights to get information. This title 18 United States Code Amidated Chapter
37 has been urged as censorship section 798, disclosure of classified information.
Nothing in this section shall prohibit the furnishing upon lawful demand of any
information to any regularly constituted committee of the Senate or House of Representatives
of the United States of America, or joint committee thereof.
That of October 31, 19, 50, seems to be an extra jurisdiction in the record of the two
statutory prohibited for the next questioning again, but it turned to our students
and the property service number time ejection.
Mr. Charment, now I think it's very regrettable that the last day of the hearings that we're
getting into some partisan matters that have no place in these hearings, we on this side
have not bought them up, and if you want to take a look at the record in these hearings,
it's rather revealing.
Not the Democrats who have been making the attack on the Eisenhower administration.
I'll give you a chapter in verse. Give you the record.
On page 4742, one of the principals here, not a Democrat.
The charge that the CIA administered by the President of the Republican administration is
infiltrated with Communists.
The 135 Communists in defense plans you can find out on page 4814.
On page 4815 of these hearings is further reference to the fact that it would do no good to turn
over 135 Communists to Charles Wilson, the Republican who administers the defense department
and former head of General Motors.
And on page 4743 are they hearing?
Charles, the dark comic bomb plan.
Sorry, I'm so excited with coming.
And we can go on down the hydrogen bomb plan.
The fact on the Attorney General leaves the fact that nothing made by Democrats.
What you mentioned was nothing when you were a criminal.
I'm referring to the U.S. as something that I can directly declare.
At all.
Mr. Charment, there's a question I think in connection to the well.
I think that's a fact.
I just want to make sure that I have not made any effect on the President.
I didn't declare that was a question or not.
I consider the question to be German.
No, I consider the question to be German.
The point of point of point is that he heard what I was using.
He used it to use it up on the point of personal privilege.
If that's not a question.
Turn on the phone to the right.
Mr. Drakens can talk to him when I said and find some special meaning to that I have a right to comment on.
If you have a point of personal privilege, if that's not all.
Okay, but follow that, son.
I have a point of personal privilege.
It's a free CC.
We do what to do with that.
I want to ask one question.
I have a point of personal privilege.
I want to ask your question.
You have a point of personal privilege, who's the time I turn to ask, who's the CC?
It's why I give the year the time I go around, and I give about house.
The one thing I want to part off, you have my personal privilege and I say,
I want to send it to Mr. Drakens because I want to stake it in the name.
I want to ask you no questions.
My reason I point of personal privilege.
Listen to your mistakes.
Now ask it.
I don't give away the answer to the German mistake.
Money burns everything.
I want to answer it after I raise the point of personal privilege.
I ask you to say and be thinking about it.
Okay, good.
That is your say, but I advise that you think it's not for personal privilege.
I think you want to correct the record I was advising him to announce that it will take
you that he wouldn't justify.
If you'll read you'll remember, I'm...
Turn on your engine.
Send him a copy.
20 minutes of privilege.
I want to reverse myself on that right hand to the customer first.
I'm wondering, Macphal, I'm reading your monochrome calls.
Okay.
I'm going to give you express.
Great surprise.
That's the only say that I'm recorded but I'm never a social pride.
You get off.
But within that gang.
Without anybody with you.
We all at Stephen's did when he was with that gang was agreed to give us information.
I can't see any other interpretation.
You place the pun left.
You want to testify.
You...
I'll testify.
Not testify.
Now where would you tell me these?
If you did, if you did, that should be in the records center.
If you did, that should be in the records center.
Which which call?
I don't know you have them all before you.
I've got one of them in here just a minute.
Well, I make the point how I let myself...
You check and see if there's some place where the call on advice is...
That's it.
Yeah.
You got that from me.
It should be in records.
Mr. Director.
You...
In effect, maybe, the site was rather confusing.
I don't know how I'd been frustrated.
Being in social service.
You and I know that we in here have this situation.
And that every communist we dug out so far with one exception...
Was brought in long before President Eisenhower took over.
You know Senator Jackson, last year, but we're not for the Democrats on this committee.
When it was not today, we had been looking for investigation.
We've been investigating communists.
I think it should be clear beyond words.
I'm sure it is the public.
That there is no one as unhappy.
As my Democrat friends up here, when there is...
The person possibility of ending the investigation.
And Senator Jackson, I say that these monitored calls...
And I often say I don't like this type of ease dropping.
But here they have served the valuable purpose.
They have shown that Senator signing was called by Steven only once.
The aftermath of Senator signing can call Steven every time.
Talked about the advice of my legal friend, meeting crackluckers.
When signings on two days before the charge of her issues.
The rest of the Steven's two days before the charge of her issues.
Said there's really nothing to this.
We find that two signings in the same. Don't put me in a box.
I can call this thing off. We can block this.
By block this.
Senator signings can put a med only one thing.
Namely block the exposure of those communists whom we inherited.
From your administration, Senator Jackson.
And now I hope you realize that also has done quite a thing.
Senator, why is the decision struck, Mr. Wilson, the Secretary of Defense,
so Mr. Steven, that you do not turn over the names of these communists in the defense?
I do not disclose Mr. Wilson.
The names have been offered. They have been offered.
Under the conditions of this committee, get them.
I call the meeting of this committee the other night to get permission to turn the names over under the conditions.
Which the Secretary of Defense said he would want if there were to be turned over.
I had that meeting over in Mark Trice's office.
Not a single Democrat showed up.
I had a meeting with the press after it.
At that time, I think I was too generous. I said that I felt that you were just busy tied up.
Since that I have learned the subject signing and the position that I could not call a meeting of my investigating committee.
Because it was non-existent, file list committee was in effect.
In any event, the Democrats did not show up.
You were notified the meeting was for the purpose of getting your permission to turn the names over to Mr. Wilson.
Without the application of the rules, which our committee applies,
the name will be made public unless an until amount appears in executive sessions.
I repeat, some good actions.
When the Democrats were not there, we decided we should not do business with us.
Noted to correct the records, I can say it's our second Macaronist concern.
The meeting in Mark Trice's office, as the chair was leaving,
he met Senator Macaron on the floor of the Senate.
At which time he said he was heading to Mark Trice's office.
Senator Macaron had every intention of attending the meeting that was detained on the floor.
I would not have come to you.
You never got there.
I'm coming to you.
I left the Senate floor and down on the subway,
just as we left it, I met Senator Jackson, who had been over at the other office,
where the meeting was originally scheduled for the five sub-s.
And he said, where is the meeting?
And I said, it has been abandoned because none of the Democrats came fairly enough.
Some of them were at the other place.
Senator Jackson said he was on his way over with the meeting.
I used to have that right?
Senator Jackson, that's correct.
That's correct.
Let's go, Mark.
Let's get the records, Mark.
Let's go.
Mark, let's wait.
You know that a rap off the package, you know, the proper denial of this fall's hood.
I went to the meeting and there was nobody there, and he said everybody had left.
I then went back and fall Senator Jackson, and he said he would come over.
And by the time he got over, we went back and there was nobody there at all.
I went to the meeting twice for your personal information.
Let's get this records and make sure it's free.
Before Republican was voted, Mark places office.
Until after the Senate adjourned, the clerk of the Senate told me that he informed everyone
of the senators that the meeting would be in Mark's office for the convenience of the senators.
And I would have sent her a signings and a question when I get through here too, if I may have your attention.
Then I came over to 357 for some of the staffs of the president.
And I asked whether or not any of the senators had shown up there.
I was informed they had not.
Now I would like to ask you Senator Simonton.
Did you or did you not make the statement that you would not come to the meeting because you felt that I had no authority to call the meeting?
I said that I would do exactly what Senator McFellon thought was right.
He was on the floor and we were discussing whether we would or would not go.
As I remember, he then left the floor and I called Senator Jackson.
At no time do I remember making a distinct statement that I would not go.
Both my colleagues, I'm the junior member of this committee had gone.
Believe me, I would have been there.
There was discussion among us because you were trying to run an end run of the version.
I say end run of the version of the 1,620.
By trying to get us, by trying to get us, let me answer the question please.
I wish you were.
The idea was that you wanted to discuss whether or not you proceeded with any plans, whether you would be allowed to proceed by this committee with any plans in order to go ahead with the fence to plot an investigation.
One of the establishments, one of the principles of the established when this committee started,
was that we weren't going to have investigations until a hearing was over.
And therefore it was decided as I remember it, that you should not have any further investigations.
Not until now that I have the faintest idea that you intended to turn over any 133 names to the committee.
And I'll answer you this way.
I thought it was wrong to go to the meeting.
I went to the meeting and everybody had gone, but I did not go to the door.
Where did you go?
I went right to the outside of the office and was told that nobody was there.
I then went back and pulled up Senator Jackson.
Now I think I've discussed this long enough.
I'll say this.
I'd like you to use it and tell me, or did anybody else tell me,
in this divergence number, whatever it was, 1,027 or something,
you didn't tell me at that time that you had the slightest intention of giving up any name.
You said you wanted a hearing in order to start investigations on the side
and to create a version from these hearings.
You know, I'd like to say this as long as you've asked the question.
You've grown up and the record will prove so many divergence.
In spite of the fact that now you and your Republican colleagues are falling these hearings off without hearing what this is,
you can help us get the truth.
You've put in so many divergence that in a long time ago the hearing grew stop.
A few of yourself had not deliberately filed a call to black on so many questions that came up
and put us in the channels which had nothing to do with the original charges.
I think you realize that better than anybody else.
Do I understand, in some way, that the reason you did not come to the meeting was because
you thought I was going to ask for permission to hold hearing to expose coming to some intelligence?
I told you that I discussed with my colleagues going to the meeting.
Would you just find out I would have been glad to go to the meeting?
There was a discussion among us whether you, and as I remember,
you thought the matter up now and it comes back to me as I thought.
So a considerable discussion among the Democrats would have ever took committees.
And it is much of you very graciously offered to leave this committee as chairman,
while he's hairy to discuss what you've done to the Army,
who was being conducted, who wanted whether you had the right to have a meeting
of the committee because you had resigned as chairman.
And I believe Senator McCollum will verify that that was discussed with the Republican leaders.
So, to call him, can I have a witness attention?
And I think that was the discussion.
Chair believes in the meeting.
I think if we just get this meeting pretty well,
I told you about this.
I told him about the undercover, Senator McCollum.
Mr. Chairman, I was honoured.
Miss Anderson was sending number one about the place of the meeting.
I didn't know there was any misunderstanding about the purpose of it,
so that's the meeting was called.
And we did discuss the possibility of changing the rules
as far as turning over the 130 names of concerns.
That there was no Democratic representation there,
and I'm prepared to believe it's because of an honest misunderstanding about place of concern.
Mr. Welfz.
Could I remind the committee that I came, Mr. St. Claire,
and I came this morning hoping we might ask an occasional question?
Yes.
You're going to get to you very shortly.
Mr. Dickson, I have my own head.
Mr. Chairman, I have not finished my statement.
We still entertain that hope.
But I would like to say to you for myself that I'm almost numb with what I have heard.
It is so far removed from what we're trying to try here.
And I beg of you, sir.
Can we not tell you the questions that we would like to ask?
And then if somebody wants to practice politics for two weeks in this room,
then go right with them.
Mr. Chairman.
I have eight points.
Thank you.
May I have my friends and friends?
No, I have two minutes.
I'm just going to make your statement.
Very straight.
I'll do it.
And I take the point of personal privilege.
I think Mr. Simings and his demonstrators here have been informed of great service in the last ten minutes.
He's unscredited to the Great American jury.
How on set is he as a judge on this dramatic?
He has told us now that he did discuss further now.
They should come to a meeting because he was afraid of an end run, the end run.
As he now testifies what I was going to start to expose communists in defense plan.
I had made that public statement.
I said I want to do that in the evening on Saturdays.
And we find out that he thought that was so serious.
We discussed that in these Democrats' friends.
Now what their decision was, I don't know, but I know they didn't come to the meeting.
We stayed in the meeting, my Republican.
I didn't interrupt you.
I'm a very proper thing to discuss whether you can have two committees.
Let's look at one chair.
Don't you think it is?
Give me the courtesy.
I gave you a big glad.
I don't want to get too.
I'm going to have to let you out.
I think you deserve it.
Here we go.
Now as I started to save President Ruff, my Republican friends and I stayed in Mark's
office until I considered a period of time after the Senate had reached that.
They clerk told you, you have admitted now you knew the meeting was being held.
You have now in effect told us the reason you didn't come was because you were afraid I was going to ask for permission to hold hearings for exposed communists.
I may say that I have sex.
If we don't interrupt, I have sex.
I have sex in that.
I can sex with three, five, seven, maybe my Democrat friends might have come here.
I find they did not.
And Mr. Simon, the thing that bothers me now is how much disruption.
How much you would find a total block to deny any exposure of communists in the future.
Mr. Clifford, you, you and so have the IL have been very successful.
Now you have said over and over just as a final remark, Senator.
You said over and over that you don't want the hearing ended until we get after each truth.
Now I don't believe that our American jury is too much impressed.
When they flee, Senator Simon, considering there, refusing, refusing to take the oath as I have done, as my Republican colleagues have done, as Mr. Cymus or Cone has done,
to take the oath and tell us.
It's a very simple thing.
It shouldn't take you any more than half an hour.
Tell us what happens.
How come you've got the demified advisor to under-truck the Republican Secretary of the Army?
You just want steps you took.
Now, it shouldn't take you long to do that.
And for your own good son of a curfew, if I may advise you, although you've not asked for the advice,
you just better take this then before we close these hearings.
Senator, I have a letter here in the family.
If you will sign this letter and I will read it to you again, to be sure.
I think it's just too long to read.
But any time that you would like to sign this letter, we'll go over and see the Vice President set this committee up.
And you and I, and then you testify before a committee was expected to charge against you.
And I will testify before a committee was expected to be out of the gates against you.
But now that the chairman, I've made this a statement several times, and I knew that we go on with the hearings.
I accept your advice. We'll continue to be here.
I'm here to accept your offer.
Now, you've made an offer, I intend to accept this.
You have asked that I sign a letter, which can contain the false statements.
I will not sign that, but Mr. Recymington.
I will sign any kind of a document.
I'll bring you go before any committee.
The Senate decides to set up.
Answer any questions.
About my background from the time I was born, up until the 16th day of June 1954, I will do that.
I will do that not because I think a senator is required to, but I will do it in order to get you understand and try and get the truth you talk about, senator.
So if you want to, if you want to do that, you can take the stand. I'll set down right now.
I know that I will not sign the letter with the false statements.
Very simple.
In the right, Mr.
I'm the doing sign and I'll just don't pull that at the time.
Don't pull that only thing on the letter.
I'm a little better.
It is, senator.
Got my signature on it.
You have a document with false statements in it.
I will not sign that, but that's true.
I don't...
You are not pulling anyone out.
You're not pulling anyone with the sign.
You're not pulling anyone.
I have offered to go before any committee.
Do anything you ask.
If I can just get you to come down here and take the oath so we can get the answers to some questions.
You're not pulling anyone at all.
They're sure of that.
Let me tell you something.
Be careful, you just...
We are not a people amount of looking to you for six weeks.
You're not pulling anyone either.
Turn the platter.
Turn the light on.
I'm just going to take it now.
Mr. Chairman, do I have my time, my time?
My time?
First, I would like to associate myself with a statement made by Mr. Welk.
He spent the last half and a personality like his and partisan politics.
Now, we spent the 36th day of this period.
And if we as senators can't conduct a hearing, the vital parties that have been made.
And do it with dignity and do it with partisan and personality questions.
Oh, that should be the case.
All right.
We've got a lot of business to attend.
The President has gone on the air to have the people to support him in his legislative program.
I'm a member of nine committees.
And I think I'm a member of every kind of worship committee in the past.
And the chairman of the committee that's now holding here.
And hearing, I've been held the President's hand without any means.
So if we're going to fill our promise to the American people.
I'm putting through the program and it's a good program.
That the President has an unseated.
I say we must then should stop the personality questions that take place in the Syrian room.
We should rise up a partisanship and endeavor to seek out the facts about the chip flow where they're made.
Now, that's the 36th day of this year.
As the day go on, the work of the Senate becomes more and more acute.
You've talked about other witnesses being called.
I would thank you to get by a check in the transcript.
The release half will cost me two thirds of the time it's been taken up.
And matter that has nothing to do with a present conversation.
This morning has been a good exam.
Now, I consider hope that we can at least continue for today.
We remove our partisan conflict in the Syrian.
We remove our personality questions from the Syrian.
And allow Mr. Welk to Mr. Sinfar to continue to conclude.
There's an examination for the work.
Can I have a minute?
Channel and I was in Europe at the time of the so-called chicken lunch.
And I have here some papers that I had not seen before that were brought to me.
The headline is, steaming mad.
Steven seeks a showdown with Icon.
What he has to be sacrificed for the sake of future politics.
The neme article on his paper reads,
Army Secretary Robert Steven sought a showdown with President Eisenhower today.
And whether he is to be sacrificed to send a Joseph Armacardi,
quote, for the sake of future politics, quote,
a high administration source revealed that Mr. Steven feels the White House has failed to give an adequate backing
and is fused with a Wisconsin Republican.
The said that there's not one to resign, the source said, but he has determined that the Secretary, I beg your pardon.
I have to find out how far the administration will go to support his stand against Senator McCarthy's unwired abuse in folks of Army officers.
But I can read on in this.
I might say that it's coming from a newspaper which I think we'll agree has no communist leading.
The meeting for the strip tower chain.
Now here is Mr. Steven statement that he gave following, yes, into following statement on.
February the 26th, I believe it is.
Yesterday, when the explosion of the luncheon meeting between the Republican members of the Senate,
permanent subcommittee on investigation and myself, a memorandum of understanding was issued to the press.
Because the purpose and meaning of that memorandum have been misinterpreted, I wish at this time to make certain things clear.
I did not at that meeting and have not receded at any time for many of the principles upon which I stand.
As a civilian head of a body of the most loyal, able, and efficient men and women that I know,
I have certain obligations to Army Commission enlisted and civilian personnel.
These duties include the upholding of their rights in circumstances where they are unable to protect those rights.
I shall never exceed to the abuse of Army personnel under any circumstances, including committee hearing.
I shall never exceed to them being ground beaten or humiliated.
I do not intend to allow them to be deprived of the long established practice that they have the advice of counsel when the matter under consideration is one of a central interest to me as Secretary, as was the case with General's Wicker.
From assurances which I have received from members of the subcommittee, I am confident, and I might add at that point, Mr. Chairman, that Mr. Steven saw five members of the subcommittee on the day in question.
I also try to get hold of Mr. Rogers. I could not, I left for you, truly you are the next day.
I repeat, Mr. Steven statement, from assurances which I have received from members of the subcommittee, I am confident that they will not permit such conditions to develop in the future.
In the light of those assurances, although I did not propose a cancellation of the hearings, I exceeded so it.
If it had not been for those assurances, I would never have entered into any agreement whatsoever.
I want to make it perfectly clear that soon should such abuses occur in any quota in the future, I shall once again take all steps and my disposal to protect the rights of individuals in this department.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I do not believe that based on the testimony of the Secretary of the Army and the news stories that is fair to say that the Democrats are the ones who are responsible for this crap between the executive branch of the government and the legislative branch of the government.
I would like to just say one more word if I may. Senator McCarthy, I did not intend to bring this up, but I think I will now.
You have in your remarks, constantly inferred or implied, that the Democratic members of this committee were for some reason blocking communism.
Let me ask you, what could I get out of blocking communism? A country that has been wonderful to me.
I have only two sons. One slut through the mud of Europe, with General Bradley, and ended up in a Pacific, rose to the rank of corporal.
He's barely started his life, the only start in business last year. The other was a Marine, a younger, and he hasn't yet been able to start his business career.
What would it be for me? What would it be for me to have anything to do with communism? What would it be for a great senator? And he is a great senator.
We all know it was just on my right. I've had my troubles as true, but he has done more far more than you and I ever did. He left his oldest son, God bless him in North Africa forever.
What have we got? What is the margin of two total communists?
I don't think so.
We've got a person right here.
We've got a person who is not.
No, it's no question. It's just an observation.
The senator McCarthy, my first question to you can be answered yes or no. Do you think you can pull your mind back to the facts of this case and discuss them with me for a moment or for ten minutes?
My mind is on the fence.
The first thing I want to deal with you is what about is this.
I gathered from your testimony that you didn't know Dave Stein until Mr. Cohn brought him to the committee.
That's right, right? And I take it you did not know his parents until that time or later.
I do gather from the evidence that sometimes you did come to know Dave's parents.
Right, their names are watched.
Mr. Mrs. Stein.
Yes, their first name.
Myer is a father and the mother's name is...
First, not to him, or just a father's name.
The mother's name is Kyliger.
And they live where?
They live in...
...where's their criminal police?
Whoever's in New York.
And they have a summer place up there?
I think those are permanent pool, I don't know.
They have a summer place on the lake or is that pool on the lake?
It's not on the lake, it's fairly close to lake.
And they have an apartment or at some time did have an apartment in New York, is that right?
The last time I met them, they still had an apartment in New York.
And you have occasionally been there guests in their homes?
Yes, I do.
When would you say it was the first time you went to gasp?
The mystery is a Stein, a father and mother of Dave Stein.
I couldn't give you the date.
I know there's one of the other centers on the committee.
I just didn't know you had any of these names.
I don't know.
One of the other centers of the committee and I were in New York.
We had trouble getting a room with the World War.
Mr. Torre and Mr. Shion said they shine apartments in this vacant house.
I think that's the first time I wasn't there.
And approximately what was that there?
I think...
Oh, let's see.
What hearing was that?
Voice of America.
It was in the voice of America hearing, I think that would be February or March.
Yes.
And what next for you there, guests?
I couldn't give you any dates.
I've been in there apart from I think because...
One is just a guest three or four times.
Something like that.
Agedally overnight?
Yes, we've been.
Agedally at dinner?
I think I had dinner once with them.
Was that the dinner parties there?
There were other people at the dinner.
And where you at one time there?
Yes.
What the press reported as the West Coral Lake Hand, Mr. Mr. Shion?
Oh, you're the friend of their home in Gloversville.
That's right.
I was at their home...
May I see a physicist, Greg?
Senator Joseph R. Amarty, I think, chairman of the Senate,
and the Cremlet investigation subcommittee,
and Roy Cohn at New York City, Chief Counsel of the Group,
are spending a few days with two David Shiong at the West Coral Lake Hand,
Mr. Mrs. J. Meyer Shiong, that being used for the second of 1953.
Is that correct, Senator?
I don't think it's all our home with you.